== Plan ==

Making the stories
    - Business writes a story
    - Business assigns a value to the story
    - Development assigns a cost to the story
    - If the cost is too large, then break up stories
    - If the cost is too small, then merge the stories

Making a release plan
    - Business picks a release date 
    - Developers estimate how many units of work can be completed
      in that iteration. This estimate is based on their knowledge of the project/tasks
    - Business picks those stories, where the costs add up to the chosen number

== Cost ==

Unit cost - one member of the team working on the project for a day

We have 5 members, so in a day, we have 5 units of work that can be done.
But we are not working every day, so we expect to only have 3 days of the week to work on the project.

5 units per day * 3 days per week = 15 units of work per week.

== Goals for the application ==

John 

02. Modify sources, article, references, links, keywords.
03. Visualizations.
04. Filtering data.
05. Automatic search for references and links within an article's content.
06. Importing and exporting database?

Jessica

07. Exporting data to library format.
08. Categorizing data.
09. Saving article content.
10. Account system.

Candice

11. Accessing the software from the web.
12. Restrictions on data sharing?
13. More visualizations??

Value: 1 - 10.


Visualizations:
    graphs:
        references between sources (with the number of references in between)
            -the "big" picture
        
        a source and its references to other sources (with number of references in between)

        an article and links to other articles, and references to sources
        
        articles, references, links, sources
            -either display articles that exist within a source with nodes or
            -display the name of the articles with another way (text box)
        an article and references to sources (lower)
        an article linked from other articles (low priority)
        [The above three is combined]

    plots:
        article with links over time
        sources with references to another source over time
        sources with references to a subset of sources over time ??

    pie charts:
        number of articles for subset of authors?
        
    
