,,Personas

John Bates

     John Bates is a 35 year-old researcher. He has a high interest in research- 
specifically research that is oriented towards languages and media. He views his 
research as his hobby, and this enables him to devote more hours to it. He likes to 
live a stable and a predictable lifestyle. This is relfected in his choices of 
research tools. Most of the tools that he works with, do not crash often, and require 
minimal updates. 

     He works with his research tools for a substantial part of each day. 
During the day, he works as an Assistant Professor. In the late evening, he contributes 
productively to his research.  His research requires him to look at very large networks
of information flow. As such, he prefers to work with large graphs at a single time. 
He enjoys looking at, and analyzing the "big picture". This helps him in simplifying
the visual representations of the gathered data. These visualizations are a core part 
of his research. They enable him to guage the flow of the information, and the influence 
of the plethora of news articles in various scenarios.

    John's work require him to spend ample time with computers. However, he would not 
consider himself to be technically savvy. As well, although he is adaptable to change- 
he prefers that everything works like he would expect it to. He likes his tools to be
accessible through a web browser on a desktop computer. He is not very comfortable 
using his smartphone.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jessica Walker

     Jessica Walker is the head librarian. She has a strong  knowledge of  Linguistics, 
History, and English. She possesses advanced degrees in Language and 
Literature, and Library and Information Science. This is beneficial in her role with 
data storage and categorization. She enjoys her work, and is always on time.  She works
in the mornings, and all of her tasks are completed during her work hours. 

     Jessica's work with computers include electronic resources, metadata, archives, and
knowldedge management. She has prior knowledge of digital repositories and open source 
digital tools. She has familiarity with markups, and graphical interfaces. Her days are 
diverse and include various tasks. She retrieves, and categorizes information according to
the given requirements. She also manages data storage, and ensures that it is in a 
compatible format. In her breaks, she likes to read news and articles from a range of 
sources. 

     Jessica is technically sound, and if she runs into a technical issue- she would 
rather communicate with support staff (over a manual). This is useful, as she works 
during the day- when access to support staff is convenient. She is also familiar with 
the latest smartphones, and open to learning about new tools and technologies. As such, 
she is eager to find out the best and most efficient resources to carry out her tasks. 
She is geared towards strict standards compliance, and wants to ensure that any new
implementation is in sync with the existing tools and software. She is familiar
with console interfaces, as well as graphical interfaces. However, in terms of
preference- she would much rather work with visualizations and GUIs.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Candice Walters

    Candice Walters is a lawyer and a PhD student in the Graduate School of Journalism.
Her research is focused on journalism ethics and the impact of media and technology on 
politics and public. She wants to impact the younger generation with her work. 
Walters began her career serving as a lawyer in the areas of digital media, communications 
and sports matters at a private law firm. 

     Candice believes that the education system needs to be dynamic and constantly 
improving with current trends. Mrs. Walters will be teaching a new undergraduate course
called "Legal Constraints on Digital Activity" for the first time. She likes her classes to 
be interactive; therefore, she emphasizes the use of graphics and multimedia in her teachings. 
She also understands the value of digital resources and their need to be reliable. She sees 
herself playing a larger role in modern education. She believes that education should evolve 
with available technology. She likes to know about every technical instrument and uses popular
and trendy products. She feels that their software is very sophisticated. On the other hand, 
the tools that she uses are not too sophisticated, they work well on the mobile platform, 
and are also presented well. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Eda Smith

    Eda Smith is a library programmer. Most of her work hours are spent within the library.
Her tasks involve the maintenance of the library systems. She has to ensure that all the systems 
within the library environment are up and running. As such, she possesses deep technical
expertise, and is eager to use it in her tasks. If a library technical ticket was to open, she 
would be the first point of contact. Therefore, she is familiar with the existing tools and 
software that present for library use.

    Eda is also very familiar with the various technical platforms, including web and mobile 
interfaces. She always has new ideas, about how to better implement existing technology. 
Within the library, she works with the current repositories to streamline relevant data. 
She is comfortable with both GUI and command line. However, in terms of preference she would
much rather work with command line. 

    Her other tasks revolve around working with the Jessica Walker. She helps out with the
technical components of ongoing library research. As such, she has exposure to new tools 
implemented within the library. 

    Eda wants data searches to be relevant and fast. In keeping with this, any code that she
works with is clean, well documented and optimized.  

    
    
    
 
