System Design

The software manages a collection of articles, published by sources, and the links and references between
them. The user can input sources, articles, and can add links and references. The managed articles can be
categorized to filter and find specific content. With the managed data, it creates visual representations of the 
links and references.

The main components of the software are:
	1. The database that stores the source entries and article entries, each of which may contain different
	types of data.
	2. The interface that allows the user to load from a database, modify the database by adding new sources
	and articles.

The interface also allows for a variety of visualizations to be created from the data stored.
In the system, the user must interact with the interface and specify sources and articles. The interface will
then find connections and store both the sources/articles and connections that it has found into
the database.


System Metaphor

Every store has a list of different groups of consumers that often buy from the store, from the elderly to the
hip young kids (which is a very basic example). However, every group of consumers also visit different types
of stores.

A company hires an analyst to understand these relationships - the company will tell the analyst exactly
which groups of consumers the company is interested in and will also specify which stores (whose consumer
traffic) are particularly of interest to the company.
The analyst will then research a store, taking note of the consumer groups that are of interest to the company.

Sources
We liken the sources of information (that we want to analyze) to be the different stores. We expect that a
certain consumer group will likely visit many stores - just like how an article may contain many references
to sources.
We can also draw connections between two stores if they happen to have the same consumer groups visit
them - just like how we draw connections between sources of information if there is an article from one source
that references from another. Information about stores is stored inside the filing cabinet (database).

Articles
We liken the articles to be different consumer groups. Different consumer groups visit different stores -
similar to how different articles make references to different sources. Information about consumer groups is
stored inside the filing cabinet (database).

User
The company is the user, providing a list of sources (consumer groups), and articles to analyze (stores). The
company interacts with the analyst.


Analyst
	- The analyst is similar to the interface - it is whom the company (user) interacts with.
	- The analyst is responsible for interpreting information from the company (similar to how the interface
	interprets user input).
	- The analyst will seemingly "analyse" the relationships between the consumer groups and the stores
	(similar to how the connections between articles and references just appear on screen for the user to
	see when they give input).
	- The analyst is responsible for keeping a filing cabinet (or of the sort) to keep track of which consumer
	groups and stores the company wants to look at (like how the interface will interact with the database).
	- The analyst is also responsible for presenting visualizations of the data that he has collected to the
	company, depending on what visualizations the company would like to see. (just like how the user can
	choose from a few visualisations)
	- The analyst will interact with the company (the user) and keep track of information with his filing
	cabinet (database).

Database
What the analyst uses to keep track of all the consumer groups and the stores that the company provided
and all of the information that he has researched.(It could be a filing cabinet).